vii minutes took the train as always as
always always number seven seven
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah actually I am so excited no staying
in a five-star hotel is a completely
different experience and you don't even
have to travel far you can go to and
like to a neighbor city but stay in a
five-star hotel and you will get this
completely different perception of life
oh my god like right right now I'm
thinking I have to earn so much money
that I can stay in these such hotels all
of my life because this is so good to
feel so good
[Music]
you know we just found out that our
hotel has the most amazing rooftop look
at that
there is Moscow City looks like New York
there's the Kremlin that we just saw and
yeah Bolshoi Theater the main theater of
Russia and what else
oh the tower the TV tower
you know what's the funniest thing I've
been to this hotel exactly a year ago
for mit MBA presentation and it was like
90% sure I'm gonna fly and actually
apply it in September last year and I
got to the interview stage that's why I
traveled to Boston in December 2016 but
then I realized I want to run my company
instead and it started to grow it's a
ship crazy base so I decided to like
give up my dream of doing an MBA for now
like you're amazing
[Music]
I recently heard a theory that you have
to spend more than you can actually
afford in order to put yourself on to
the next level of life and feel how it
feels like and this would be an extra
motivator for you to go out of your
normal everyday life and start doing
something else because you know how it
feels like to be on top and I'm starting
to agree with this theory because before
I was thinking like I don't really need
a lot of money I can stay in like three
or four star hotels I'm okay traveling
couch I don't really care about Louis
Vuitton bags I like them but it's not
like they to find me it's fine
and the most important things in life
offer free but now I'm also thinking
like if I can afford eating in the best
restaurant that is next to my five-star
hotel that really saves a lot of time
and the five-star hotels give you best
opportunity to work while you travel so
you don't have to spend your brain
activity on looking for a cheaper hotel
trying to figure out how Wi-Fi works
trying to figure out where is the
cheapest restaurant of fast food cafe
where you can grab your lunch so you can
save some money because you are actually
spending time then you could spend on
being creative changing the world
growing your company or writing a book
or whatever oh my god luxury everywhere
and you know Moscow like Russia is a
perfect place to experience luxury
because prices are maybe like 50% lower
than average in the United States
[Music]
there's no story that I wanted to tell
you why am I in this hotel so if you
remember my vlogs I told you these are
loads of Russian entrepreneurs who came
to the Silicon Valley and started
amazing companies and one of Russian
guys came to the cilium now I'm just
trying to record it for the fifth time
five so he came to the Silicon Valley he
actually founded a travel startup first
in Russia and then he moved to LA and he
started another travel app which is
called final price and you know what's
the most exciting thing about it that it
gives you rates that are lower then boo
King Kong because I always felt like
booking calm was the ultimate
destination to book hotels with a
discount
he actually offers rates up to me like
50 percent lower than boo King Kong
so now I will only travel with this app
it's called final price it's only one
app hotels cars flights and trips and
yes when I when I searched for this
hotel I went to the most luxurious
hotels and I was surprised by the prices
so the link will be below for you to
install it and to try and if you're
coming to Moscow I would really really
advise you to book something luxury
because the discount will be amazing you
will be amazed by the price and
everything cheap has consequences
so like cheap food has consequence on
your health not investing in your skin
in your health will have consequences in
the future and I'm thinking that I
really want to start to test this theory
out and I think today is the first day
when I started doing that thanks to the
final price app so I could save on the
hotel because it took me on to the next
level and I like how it feels here I
like how I can go to the pool and not
travel somewhere to go to the pool
I like how I can visit the best
restaurants in Moscow and not really
care how much it costs it's one of the
main theaters in Russia
called Mahad I think we're in one of the
nicest locations
oh my god this is a famous Russian
singer everyone is filming him I know
him he thinks we beams and about this
poor guy he's trying to walk home and
everyone's like following him asking for
a selfie he said guys I need to go home
my wife is waiting for me she has made
dinner and it's like standing on the
table she's gonna kill me and know the
police are asking for a selfie he's like
oh my god Russian way to eat a chicken
in Russian waist
the way they told me I should with
myself
sorry guys I might be if you go to
kuznetsky mosque you'll see a lot of
instagramers Luke she's like old
professional with the professional
cameras because you'll find this only in
Russia Russian people really like when
you like the photos that's why here's
the machine where you can search your
name via Instagram
Saoirse Instagram by a name here we go
lingo marina and I can bite likes for
myself here like seriously you can buy
100 likes for 50 roubles which is
roughly $1 and you can buy a hundred
followers of course fake ones for almost
$2 here we go the next thing I'm also
thinking of so there was this article by
Mika Baldwin so Mika was a mentor at 500
startups and he wrote an article which
is called when a founder drives a
Porsche and it says about things that
are different when the founder gets a
car that he or she was dreaming off
because when he gets on to that next
level he's pretty much satisfied with
his life because he drives the best car
he lives probably in the best place in
the world or best house in the world
whatever what is in his world he's
actions the way he rules the company
they are not concentrated on earning
more and more and more money he's
concentrating on creating legacy
he's concentrated on what people think
of him how he changes people's everyday
lives how he's asked or his company
helps people achieve more this is what
he's concentrating on not on how to earn
extra $300 this day or whatever
[Music]
this is the Kremlin this is where mr.
Vladimir Putin works and sits and spends
most of his time I guess
and this is where Moscow started this is
the historical center this is something
you probably know one of the most famous
I remember myself like three years ago
when we was struggling struggling
struggling with our company
I was trying I was looking for any
opportunity to earn more money and I was
trying to sell sell and sell now our
company is about changing people's lives
about helping them learn languages and
transform their lives and help them
travel at a cheaper rate and we're
concentrated on providing better service
instead of trying to sell more so I
think money can totally make a huge
difference let me know guys if you agree
with the theory off spending more in how
to achieve more later in comments below
because really I'm just about to try it
out like seriously this is such a cool
hotel and I'm like the next time I
travel I really want to stay in a
similar hotel I don't want to downgrade
which means that I have to work work
work good morning guys rough night
actually not I had a meeting till 1 a.m.
yesterday today I'm
you're almost late for breakfast
almost yeah good morning
[Music]
and enough to give speech in Skolkovo oh
wow somebody's having a wedding today
look at all the cameras I have the same
camera by the way we came to the top
Business School in Russia which is
called Skolkovo and it looks empty
because it's Sunday Saturday it looks
like a really nice circular building in
the middle of nowhere
[Music]
our trip back so a trip to Moscow has
finished we're now flying to st.
Petersburg and if you enjoyed finishing
with video
please like it I'm waiting for your
comments regarding the money theory and
if you haven't subscribed to my channel
yet please subscribe and don't forget to
install final price and looking for the
best deals on the luxury hotels
worldwide little supplies whatever
you're looking for her thank you so much
see you in the next one
[Music]